Add data residency info for custom events (#51)
AdobeDocs/adobe-io-events: src/pages/guides/sdk/sdk_publish_events.md

# Publish events

Event publishers can publish events to the event receiver using the Adobe I/O Events SDK. 

For information on installing and using the SDK, please begin by reading the [getting started guide](sdk_getting_started.md).

<InlineAlert variant="help" slots="header, text1" />

Data Residency:

> Please note that all custom events are stored in US East region. 

Reviewer: Why US East?
Why don't we simply say United States.
```suggestion
Please note that all custom events are stored in the United States (US) region. 
```

Author: Agreed, that's better. I have made this change in all the three places.
